CSCD01 -- Deliverable 1 -- Marking Guidelines

11.5/15 + 9 + 9 = 28.5

1) Introduce the team:   2   out of 2

   All elements presents:  1 mark
     team's name, picture of the entire team, team's goals, team's strengths

   Quality of introduction:
     realistic yet ambitious goals, makes good use of each member's background: 1 mark


2) Introduce the team members:    3    out of 3

   Approx 150 words each, professionalism, everything is relevant to
     a profile of a software engineer: 2 marks

   The members' introductions are consistent w.r.t. person (in
   first/third person), style, qualities/interests described, etc., so
   that the overall introduction reads well: 1 mark, [i love reading in third person too].


3) Picture of the team sharing a meal: 1 1 mark


4) Team agreement:   3    out of 4
    
   methods of communication, including wait time for replies, clearly stated:  1 1
   meeting times arranged:  1 1
   contingency planning (member is sick, missing meetings, not performing up to standards, etc.):  1 1
   some planning of individual roles:  1 0


5) Project management plan:   2.5   out of 5

   Plus 1 mark for a thorough, good explanation of each of the
   following. Merely mentioning a tool is not enough (0.5 marks max):

   version control tools 1
   tools to support communication 0.5
   website (or alternative) setup 0
   tools used for planning phases/sprints 0.5
   tools used to keep track of progress 0.5
   bug/issue tracking tools 0
   
Presentation: 9 / 10, could use a little margin for your profile portraits (text too close)

interview: 9/10
Deliverable 1 - Interview plan

1) Team Introduction (2 marks) 9

   Ask for a volunteer. Don't volunteer anyone! if no one wants to talk
   after a minute or two, move on to the next question (no marks for this!)

   Ask volunteer 1 to introduce the team - that means actually telling you
   something interesting about the team, not just the name and team goals
   which is what most wrote on the deliverable. You can encourage them to
   give you information by asking a couple questions about the team.

   Call this volunteer #1.

   Mark - 2. Interesting.

2) Team agreement (2 marks) 2

   Ask for a volunteer (#2)

   Ask this volunteer about some interesting aspect from their team
   agreement (ideally, something that called your attention while
   reading the agreement). If something in the agreement was not fully
   fleshed-out, ask them to elaborate on it. An example is the
   conflict resolution procedure which is typically weak. Use this
   chance to get them to work it out - with your help.

   Ian - 2

3) Process (3 marks) 3

   Ask for a volunteer (#3)

   Ask this volunteer to describe the software development process
   they are going to follow in this project, and to tell you *why*
   they chose it and why it will work for their team.

   marhaba - 2 Task based, agile. sprints (2 weeks long), testing after feature. no Burndown charts.

4) Tools (3 marks) 2

   Ask for a volunteer (or the remaining team member, if a team of 4) (#4)

   Ask this volunteer to describe the set of tool their team will be
   using and tell you *why* they chose each tool and what it will be
   used for.  The point being to make sure they actually thought about
   it, instead of just listing a bunch of things because they can. Ask
   how these particular tools will aid the chosen development process.

    Vlad - 2, Trello for taskboard, Git.

5) Recent work (bonus 1 mark) 0

   If you have 5 people in the team, ask the remaining one, else ask for a
   volunteer.

   Ask this person to tell you what the team has accomplished since
 the deliverable was due. We want to send a reminder that they should
 be working continuously and productively! We should expect they have
 put matplotlib in the repo, installed/configured it, and at least
 tried some very basic uses of it.

  If they did nothing... be sure to let them know that's not a very
 good way to work!

  0 - discussed about workload expectations. Had 2 lunches with each other.
